Codeowners workflow docs and tweaks (#6)
SalesforceFoundation/.github: docs/workflows.md

# Making a workflow available as a template

The last bit is mostly of interest to release engineers and automation champions that want to make a workflow available in every `SalesforceFoundation` repository. This is accomplished by creating a [workflow template](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions/creating-workflow-templates) by adding our new [shared workflow](id:064df6e9-c5fd-4633-ba26-7e9120e96ca9) and the following JSON file:

``` json
{
    "name": "SFDO Codeowners Review Workflows",
    "description": "Housekeeping scripts for automated pull request workflows.",
    "iconName": "sfdo",
    "filePatterns": [
        "CODEOWNERS$"
    ]
}
```

Pretty simple.

# Where to get help

1.  Review:
    1.  the official [documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/learn-github-actions)
    2.  Support Community [Github Actions topic](https://github.community/c/code-to-cloud/github-actions/)
2.  Review existing workflows like NPSP's [compliance workflow](https://github.com/SalesforceFoundation/NPSP/blob/1a784fef84ac88053578a3ec7afaa8fc5cf9acf9/.github/workflows/compliance.yml)
3.  Ask SFDO Release Engineering:
    1.  If it's simple: #sfdo-releng-support

>     2.  If it's complex: Open a WI from the [RelEng Service Catalog](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/display/SFDOIDP/Catalog+of+Services#CatalogofServices-GitHubActionsEnablement)

Author: ```suggestion
    2.  If it's complex: Open a WI from the [RelEng Service Catalog](https://confluence.internal.salesforce.com/x/YYXMEQ#CatalogofServices-GitHubActionsEnablement)
```
